Include Tip for Saving on Storage (#1330)
near/docs: docs/2.develop/contracts/storage.md

Currently, it cost approximately **1 Ⓝ** to store **100kb** of data.

:::info

> You can save on smart contract storage if using NEAR Account IDs by compressing them using base32 encoding. Since they consist of [a-z.-_] characters with a maximum length of 64 characters, they can be encoded using 5 bits per character, with terminal \0. Going to a size of 65 * 5 = 325 bits from the original (64 + 4) * 8 = 544 bits. This is a 40% reduction in storage cost.

Reviewer: I'd remove the "compression" reference as base32/base64 are encoding algorithms and not compression algos. (Regular binary data will require more storage space if encoded with base64)

```suggestion
You can save on smart contract storage if using NEAR Account IDs by encoding them using base32. Since they consist of `[a-z.-_]` characters with a maximum length of 64 characters, they can be encoded using 5 bits per character, with terminal `\0`. Going to a size of 65 * 5 = 325 bits from the original (64 + 4) * 8 = 544 bits. This is a 40% reduction in storage costs.
```
